This application respects and protects the privacy of all users using this service. In order to provide you with a more accurate and personalized service, this application will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. However, this application will treat your information with a high degree of diligence and prudence. Except as otherwise stipulated in this Privacy Policy, this application will not disclose or provide your information to any third party without your prior permission. This application will update this Privacy Policy from time to time. By agreeing to this Application Service and Use Agreement, you are deemed to have agreed to the entire content of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is an integral part of this Application Service and Use Agreement.

I. Scope of this Policy
1.1. Any personal registration information provided by you in accordance with the requirements of this application when you register for this application account;
1.2. Any information on your browser and computer including but not limited to your IP address, browser type, user's data such as language, date and time of access, hardware and software feature information, and your requested web page records automatically received and recorded by this application when you use the application web service or access the application platform webpage;
1.3. Any personal data obtained by this application from a business partner through legal channels.

II. You understand and agree that the following information does not apply to this Privacy Policy:
2.1. Keyword information entered by you when you use the search service provided by this application;
2.2. Information collected by this application about the information that you send in this application, including but not limited to participating activities, transaction information and evaluation details;
2.3. Any violation of the law or violation of this application and the actions that this application has taken against you.

III. Changes to this Privacy Policy
Our company reserves the right to modify this policy at any time. Please check this policy frequently. In the event of a major change to this policy, our company will notify you via a notice on the website.

